Welcome to the butchr...

The butchr is an organisation tool for HDR photographers. It follows a straight forward workflow that 
is also decribed on my blog at http://www.matmaxx.org/hdrtutorial

The workflow constists of the following steps:
- import images from your camera or memory card
- group images (either automatically by timestamp or manually by selection)
- distribute images to a wellformed directory structure
- generate a batch file that automatically creates a preview of the tonemapped image (requires photomatix)

A detailed description of every step will appear when you actually select to execute it.
The user interface matches this workflow, so if you click yourself through the the first part of the main toolbar from left to right
up to the scratchbatch button, you will do all steps in the correct sequence.

If you find any bugs or have some ideas for improvements on the tool, please use the support form on
http://www.butchr.net/support to tell me about.
And please, if you like and use this tool on a regular basis, donate some by either clicking the flattr
button on my site or use the paypal donation system.

!!!WARNING!!!
I tested the butchr for more than a year now. It helped me organize more than 40000 images totally and I never 
lost a single image due to the butchr. But anyway, I develop this tool to satisfy my own lazyness and because 
I love coding C# nearly as much as I love HDR photography. But just to protect myself against any problems that 
the butchr might cause on your machine and to your images I have to add this clause here:

The user shall not be entitled to use the program in connection with any series production. 
butchr.net provides the user with the program only for test purposes. 
In case the user uses the program for purposes other than test purposes, butchr.net shall not be liable for 
any damages which result from such use, and butchr.net does not make any warranties with respect to the 
program or with respect to such use. 
As the program is not fully tested and qualified for series production use, butchr.net's liability for damages 
caused by ordinary negligence shall, in case the user uses the programs for test purposes, be excluded, 
unless such exclusion is not permitted by mandatory law.