Ok, so let's get started by importing images from your last photowalk.
First of all, select the working paths for the butchr.
The source path is the directory where your source images are currently stored. This may also be a removable card reader drive 
or your camera connected via USB showing up in the explorer as an external drive. The only important thing is that all files 
(JPG and RAW) are in the same directory.
The target path is the root directory where your images will be stored for further processing.

If you want to import more than one memory card into the same target folder, just select the same target folder on the second 
run of the butchr. It will automatically detect that the target folder was already butchred before. 
But stick to the workflow - do not import a second memory card before you have distributed the files of the first memory card.

TAKE CARE: 
The butchr does not read (but of course process) RAW files. 
So if you are working with RAW files, make sure to also let your camera store the image as JPG. 
The reason for that is simple: 
RAW files are big, slow and hard to read and different for every camera manufacturerer. 
JPG files are small (the lowest resolution is enough here), easy to read and the same for every camera manufacturer. 
If your camera for some reason does not support saving in RAW and JPG at the same time, shoot in RAW, develop the RAWs 
and then butchr the whole thing. 
As an indication whether the butchr has found a valid RAW file along with a JGP, a black-on-red 'R' will be displayed 
on the thumbnail. Initially the butchr assumes that the RAWs come in Nikon's NEF format (guess why - this is MY tool ;-]). 
If it detects any other known RAW format, it will suggest to use this one instead. 
If your RAW format is not recognized, write a bugreport and maybe I'll add it to the next version. 

On import, you can choose the file operation mode that you want to use:
Copy - Files will be copied to the target folders but will remain in the source location.
Move - Files will be copied to the target folders but will be deleted in the source location.

File operation can be selected for two workflow steps:
Import - The operation of transfering the files from the original memory card or camera to a temporary folder in the target location.
Distribution - The operation after grouping the files when transfering them to a wellformed directory structure for further processing.

The defaults for the file operations are:
Copy on import
Move on distribution

